README.md, before:

<img src="data/Icons/SimpleR.png" width="100">

# SimpleR-RotMG
A convenient way to play Realm of the Mad God on Windows



# Features
- Automatically play with the latest version using Adobe Flash Projector
- One click to play with an up-to-date, **original** game client
- Easy and beautiful settings - even when the game is already running
- Save in-game screenshots with a single button click
- Play with your own custom cursor
- Use your Kongregate Account
- Never forget the "Dying Thessal Phrase" with customizable macros
- Resize your game to Fullscren (Ctrl + F), 4:3 Fullscreen or back to default
- Use your Kongregate Account
- Rename the game window
- Launch an additional program like Discord when starting the game
- Set up & Teleport to a temporary safe anchor
- Annoyed by a bot? Ignore the person that most recently sent you a private message


# Download
See [Releases](https://github.com/GerRudi/SimpleR-RotMG/releases) for download

(Instructions: Download zip -> Rightlick -> Exctract All -> Launch SimpleR.exe)

*Disclaimer: SimpleR is not affiliated with Deca Games in any way*

# Special thanks to
- WildShadow studios for creating Realm of the Mad God
- Kabam Inc. for keeping it alive
- [DECA games](http://decagames.com) for reviving it
- Elecmand for creating [Projector+](http://web.archive.org/web/20120326163330/http://forums.wildshadow.com/node/64729) and inspiring me to develop this
- [BMJ](https://www.realmeye.com/player/bmj) for Creating Quickspeech and giving me ideas for this project
- CptVince for helping me a lot with the former project of this back in 2014
- andy12345 for creating the cursor [rotmg.cur](http://www.rw-designer.com/cursor-detail/27070) on rw-designer
- SuperDry for creating the cursor rotmg2.cur (original post deleted)
- All the creators of the amazing UDFs like [MetroGUI](https://www.autoitscript.com/forum/topic/161184-metrogui-udf-v51-windows-10-style-buttons-toggles-radios-menu-etc/) and [_IsPressed](https://www.autoitscript.com/forum/topic/86296-ispressed_udf-v23-advanced-keypress/)

# License
MIT - See License.md

# Frequently Asked Questions
Check out the [Wiki](../../wiki)

Commit message:

Removed setup instructions
moving to wiki

README.md, after:

<img src="data/Icons/SimpleR.png" width="100">

# SimpleR-RotMG
A convenient way to play Realm of the Mad God on Windows



# Features
- Automatically play with the latest version using Adobe Flash Projector
- One click to play with an up-to-date, **original** game client
- Easy and beautiful settings - even when the game is already running
- Save in-game screenshots with a single button click
- Play with your own custom cursor
- Use your Kongregate Account
- Never forget the "Dying Thessal Phrase" with customizable macros
- Resize your game to Fullscren (Ctrl + F), 4:3 Fullscreen or back to default
- Use your Kongregate Account
- Rename the game window
- Launch an additional program like Discord when starting the game
- Set up & Teleport to a temporary safe anchor
- Annoyed by a bot? Ignore the person that most recently sent you a private message


# Download
See [Releases](https://github.com/GerRudi/SimpleR-RotMG/releases) for download

If you have trouble setting it up, please check out the [Wiki](../../wiki).

*Disclaimer: SimpleR is not affiliated with Deca Games in any way*

# Special thanks to
- WildShadow studios for creating Realm of the Mad God
- Kabam Inc. for keeping it alive
- [DECA games](http://decagames.com) for reviving it
- Elecmand for creating [Projector+](http://web.archive.org/web/20120326163330/http://forums.wildshadow.com/node/64729) and inspiring me to develop this
- [BMJ](https://www.realmeye.com/player/bmj) for Creating Quickspeech and giving me ideas for this project
- CptVince for helping me a lot with the former project of this back in 2014
- andy12345 for creating the cursor [rotmg.cur](http://www.rw-designer.com/cursor-detail/27070) on rw-designer
- SuperDry for creating the cursor rotmg2.cur (original post deleted)
- All the creators of the amazing UDFs like [MetroGUI](https://www.autoitscript.com/forum/topic/161184-metrogui-udf-v51-windows-10-style-buttons-toggles-radios-menu-etc/) and [_IsPressed](https://www.autoitscript.com/forum/topic/86296-ispressed_udf-v23-advanced-keypress/)

# License
MIT - See License.md

# Frequently Asked Questions
Check out the [Wiki](../../wiki)
